#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\lang british
Traditionally machine learning algorithms have focussed on using a set of
 expertly curated features of inputs to make predictions.
 However in various tasks, especially in computer vision and natural language
 processing, the design of these features can be very complex.
 In many situations it can be difficult to know what features should be
 extracted.
 Neural networks excel at such tasks as they can discover not only the mapping
 from the representation to the output but the representation itself.
 This approach is called 
\emph on
representation learning.
 
\emph default
Learned representation often result in much better performace than can be
 obtained with hand-designed representations.
 They also allow machine learning systems to rapidly adapt to new tasks,
 with minimal human intervention.
 A representation learning algorithm can discover a good set of features
 for a complex task in hours to months.
 Manually designing features for a complex task can require a great deal
 of human time and effort; it can possibly take decades for an entire community
 of researchers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang british
Such representational learning capabilities have allowed neural networks
 to reach state of the art performance in several applications including
 computer vision and natural language processing.
 They have been used get to human-level performance in several video games
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "mnih2015human"

\end_inset

 and have been used in systems to master the game of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Go
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "silver2016mastering"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang british
Most neural network applications use maximum likelihood estimates for the
 parameters of the neural network, such estimates can be found by minimising
 an error function such as the sum of squared errors between the target
 and predictions.
 It is however possible to estimate the posterior distribution on the parameters
 of the neural networks by using a we
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang british
In many applications we are tasked with the zeroth order optimization of
 an expensive to evaluate function 
\emph on
f
\emph default
.
 Some examples are hyper parameter tuning in expensive machine learning
 algorithms
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "snoek2012practical"

\end_inset

, experiment design
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "jones1998efficient"

\end_inset

, optimizing control strategies in complex systems, and scientific simulation
 based studies.
 Bayesian optimization finds the optimum of 
\emph on
f
\emph default
 is found by using as few queries as possible by managing exploration and
 exploitation
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "mockus1978application"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
